In January, on my way to New York to attend my first BSI weekend, a young man sitting beside me on the plane asked me what a Sherlockian was. 
How does one explain to the uninitiated what it means to be a Sherlockian? 
It's a strange concept and difficult to make clear. 
Being a Sherlockian is a way of life and a philosophy. 
Some might even call it a religion since the tales of Sherlock Holmes are referred to as the Canon. 
Reading and studying these sacred writings alter one's perspec1ive of the world and oneself. 
For many, just the utterance of the name Sherlock Hoimes releases endorphins and brings a natural high-the great detective is a seven-per-cent solution, and we have withdrawal symptoms when we are denied our fix. 
Who can become a Sherlockian? 
Anyone who reads, studies, and applies his teachings can achieve this feat. 
The great detective constantly reminds his friend Watson. "You know my methods. Apply them." 
However, being a Sherlockian is more than just applying the master's techniques. 
This is a journey of self-discovery, and for me, one that has been lifelong. 
Holmes is part of our collective unconscious: every generation reinvents the great detective, from the Victorian period to our contemporary one. 
From William Giilete through Basil Rathbone and Jeremy Brett to today's Benedict Cumberbatch, each incarnation caters to the needs of an era. 
There is a Sherlock Holmes for everyone because he is interpreted by each person differently. 
We each take what we need from the detective. 
When William Gilette asked whether the script could see Holmes married, Arthur Conan Doyle replied, "You may marry him, murder him, or do what you like to him."
As Sherlockians, we recreate Sherlock Holmes in our own image. 
For me, Sherlock Holmes has been surrogate father, therapist, and friend. 
He influences all aspects of my life, whether personal or professional. 
I lost my father when I was still in high school. 
Becoming a Sherlockian gave me the courage to deal with this loss. 
It is no surprise that many Sherlockians dream of being the great detective. 
I remember, from a young age, dressing up and pretending to be Sherlock Holmes. 
In fact, I used his methods to solve mundane mysteries in my school and neighbourhood. 
This enabled me to solve problems by using reasoning. 
Logic became my constant companion. 
Being a Shcrlockian is a code of conduct, a part of my identity. 
Sherlock Holmes has been a mentor in my life and has given me strength and hope. 
Whenever I had to face crises, being a Sherlockian has brought a sense of security. 
I apply the methods of the great detective to solve any problem I face. 
During my darkest days, my association with Sherlock Holmes enabled me to defeat my many Moriartys. 
For me, he represents my potential. 
As a Sherlockian, I have been able to associate with unique and talented people who have inspired me. 
However, here is a paradox. 
One aspect of Sherlock Holmes that attracted me was his anti-social behaviour: he prefers to be alone. 
Many Sherlockians mimic this behaviour. 
Although most of us are introverts, we enjoy meeting each other and socializing in honour of the great detective. 
As my friend and fellow Sherlockian Charles Prepolec once told me, "Sherlockians are our tribe." 
Because of our shared interest in the great detective, we are connected hives. 
Each connection helps improve ourselves. 
It is difficult to explain to a non-Sherlockian what the relationships between Sherlockians mean. 
All we need to do is utter a famous phrase from the Canon, and we instantly communicate a multitude of things. 