Yesterday was the date generally recognized as Sherlock Holmes' birthday.
People all across the world celebrated in their own ways.
I was lucky enough to have breakfast and then lunch with two different groups of Sherlockians for very different purposes.
I can't imagine a better way to celebrate the Great Detective's birthday than spending time with other Sherlockians.
Steve and Rusty Mason of Dallas' scion society, The Crew of the Barque Lone Star, were passing through the St. Louis area on their way to the BSI Weekend in New York.
They had dinner Friday night with some members of The Harpooners of the Sea Unicorn and The Parallel Case of St. Louis, but I was unable to attend.
Luckily for me, they wanted to meet the next morning and we had a great time.
I'd never met either of these guys in person before, but I work with Steve on The Beacon Society and have communicated with him a lot.
After two and a half hours, we had to break up our little get together so they could get on the road, and I had my next appointment for the day.
I gave them a copy of The Criminal Mastermind of Baker Street, and they gave me copies of the two newest installments of Baker Street Elementary, as well as some authentic Texas beer.
I wish I could've spent more time with them.
Steve and Rusty are some great guys, and if the Dallas area Sherlockians are half as cool as them, there's a pretty great scion down there!
The second part of my day was meeting with other members of The Parallel Case of St. Louis, my home scion.
We are in the process of planning a Sherlockian event, and sat down to meet in person.
As the five of us hashed out ideas and made decisions, I had to take a second to pinch myself to realize how lucky I am to be part of this group.
While none of us at the table were fresh out of college, we were what I presume to be "young" by Sherlockian standards.
All of us have very different careers, from the opera to the library to the medical field, and we all have our own Sherlockian origin stories.
One member of the planning committee has been a part of The Parallel Case for over 20 years, while another just got into this in 2016.
But everyone at the table was working towards a common goal: to create an event that celebrates Sherlock Holmes and allows for Sherlockians to come together and meet new people.
Needless to say, I'm very excited not just about the people I'm working with, but the project we are working on.   I am hoping that we can announce our project by next month.
Stay tuned!
But all of this is just a lead up to this week's post.
My day with Dallas and St. Louis Sherlockians really drove home what a great, welcoming, and different community we are.
And there is a new book out that celebrates that.  Chris Redmond is one of our living treasures in Sherlockiana.
Not only is he knowledgeable and has an impressive output, but he is always welcoming to new members of our little hobby.
Chris has spent the last few years very active on Twitter openly discussing Sherlockiana with newcomers as well as editing two books about the Canon and Sherlockiana as a whole.
Both of these books (as well as a forthcoming third) include a mixture of old guard and fresh faces.
Chris was also the mastermind behind the internet's first big Sherlock Holmes site, sherlockian.net.
He has published too many books to mention here, but a quick Amazon search of his name will make your TBR list explode.
As I read Chris' latest collection, About Being a Sherlockian (which, full disclosure, I have an article in), I had so many questions about the curation of the project.
Chris was kind enough to answer my questions via email last week, and I am happy to share his insights with you now.
No matter the subject matter, if Chris Redmond is behind the project.  You know it's going to be good!