I met Sherlock Holmes one summer, when I was alone. 
Not technically alone, of course, as l was eleven years old and resided with my maternal grandparents and my mother. 
But as an only child, on a farm in the No1th Florida countryside, I might as well have been the sole kid on the planet. 
My nearest classmate lived ten miles away, and none of our hardworking parents had time for playdates. 
Cell phones and computers didn't exist, and the rotary phone was off limits. 
In the months between classes I glimpsed my peers only at church on Sunday. 
My family assumed that I would entertain myself. 
I was fast outgrowing Lincoln Logs, stuffed animals, and even Barbie dolls, so my solace was found, increasingly, in books. 
I had always loved to read, and if my world was void of real-life playmates, it was filled with fictional companions. 
I'd worked my way through Dr. Seuss and the various childbood classics. 
Exploring my inclination toward mysteries, I devoured several volumes of Nancy Drew, the Hardy Boys, and Encyclopedia Brown. 
I found them all to be terrible drips. 
Call me a cynic, but even at eleven I doubted that anyone would allow teenagers-no matter how clever-the latitude to chase down crooks or give grownups a sharp comeuppance for their criminal foibles. 
I felt that I needed an adult detective, not a boy or girl wonder. 
I tried an Agatha Christie novel, but found it cold and lifeless, too much tea and talking. 
I wanted bloody murder and action. 
(I'll freely admit I was a weird kid.) 
I can still see the late afternoon sunlight filtering through the lace curtains as I sat down in that well of warmth between the bed and the oak dresser, opening a book that my aunt, an English instuctor, had passed along. 
It was a high school "reader," a collection of short stories presumably far above my comprehension level. 
I'd never won a foot race, and I was always picked last for any ball team, but I had already established a reputation as the middle school champion of the reading contest. 
I knew I could read as well as an eighth grader, and I was ready to tackle the next level. 
The very first story came with an odd picture: a silhouette of a woman on a bed, rising up, screaming, presumably fighting for her life. 
Above the illustration was the title "The Adven1ure of the Speckled Band." 
Within a few pages. I decided I liked Mr. Holmes. 
Here was an adult detective who not only heard his client's case, but confronted a snarling stepfather, straightened a steel poker, and traipsed blithely over a gloomy country estate despite the baboon and cheetah lurking in the shadows. 
About the time Holmes and Watson settled in for the midnight watch in Miss Stoner's bedroom, it occurred to me that something might be able to come slithering down the bell-rope onto the pillow. 
Could it be a snake? 
I wondered. 
And then, just a few paragraphs later, I learned it was the "deadliest snake in India" tha1 had killed Miss Stoner. 
I did a mental victory dance. 
I had solved the case with Holmes, like a silent, ghostly partner a1 his side. 
I had found my adult detective, and much to my delight the story ended with a note informing the reader that there were many more tales of Sherlock Holmes. 
I had to find them. 
I became obsessed with Sherlock Holmes. 
I tracked down a few more stories in other old collections that were moldy from long years on the shelves.
Once school resumed, I checked out everything I could find in the library (which wasn't much). 
It was my personal mystery and quest: how many Sherlock Holmes stories were there, and how could l get my greedy hands on them? 
Keep in mind that these were the days before Google, and nobody at home or at school shared my enthusiasm. 
I was in high school before I understood the concept of the Canon. 
Even when I acquired my two-volume Baring-Gould, I was not satisfied.